oh and welcome to the booze lab where we
drink it before you buy it to save your
liver got a very very special little one
for you today we got big flats 1901 this
is for a six pack all of three dollars
at walgreens three dollar for cooking
compare that compare that to a can of
the the flavored malt beverage stuff
which is three dollars for a single camp
this is three dollars for six cans of
course really the rough equivalent
amount of alcohol is probably much
different but just think about that
think about that for a second so
apparently genuine brute brewed only
from the choices tops and it's the water
that makes it apparently the water is
very special when it comes to this and
it's got special hops too oh boy that
sounded like it's barely carbonated this
ought to be good use the standard
Detroit Tigers beer glass or that bad
boy out that's incredibly light wow I
don't think I've ever seen a Memphis
gonna pour this a bit faster it's I
don't really care much it's not worth
taking that long to pour so yeah that is
some pale pale beer that is about the
lightest stuff I've ever seen it's
pretty close to corona color wise up
smell wise yeah it just smells like beer
I mean it doesn't lose nothing really
stand out about it got fine
had no no it really doesn't and it just
tastes like beer I mean it tastes kind
of like Budweiser and it doesn't taste
like anything it's beer it's we're it's
cheap beer that just tastes like beer
there's nothing there's no complexity to
it there's no it's not bad I'm not
saying this is bad this is actually
completely drinkable this isn't nasty
that this isn't like it's gonna make you
choke or anything like that but it isn't
if you're looking for something with
flavor I mean you drink this while
you're eating a meal hey honestly it's
it's got a very crisp taste it doesn't
have a bad aftertaste or anything
there's nothing foul about it I'm
actually very happy with it this is this
is pretty good I mean like I said those
days like anything but it does it is bad
either it's beer I don't want they'll
say and you know what it's not even
gonna it's not gonna do that bad you
know what I'm feeling generous and it's
not I can't complain about it it's it's
not especially tasty but it's not bad so
I'm only going to give this just because
of that I mean compared with the best
beers I've ever had this is going to get
it to Los shakers of sup to Los shakers
of salt it's beer try it I mean if
you're just looking for something to
drink while you're eating I don't think
you can lose with this so until next
time always remember when trying new
alcoholic beverages especially
carbonated ones that can blow up in your
face most important safety rule is where
these safety glasses